Always define 'format' target (#3371)
timescale/timescaledb: CMakeLists.txt

                         ${PROJECT_SOURCE_DIR}/scripts/cmake_format_all.sh)
endif()

> # We always define the target 'format' since 'clang-format' is guaranteed to

Reviewer: What do you mean by 'clang-format is guaranteed to exist'? I'm afraid this is not true. This comment needs a little more context.

Reviewer: Oh.... after reading it like 5 times I realized you probably meant the target, not the executable. This is not obvious.

> # We define the target 'format' all the time since 'clang-format' is guaranteed

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
# We always define the target 'format' since 'clang-format' is guaranteed
```
